tell me and I am now recording Sheraton
Hotel and Roanoke no no no no no wait
this is this year and what's where we go
into one yeah this is called the
Sheraton Clayton Center and these are
awesome like Westies Barrett won all the
upper floors used to be locked this runs
great
alright let's see where we can go 16
works no more clothes now let's watch
the indicator you have to get close and
see what it says oh yeah best lobby
here at 16 this was worth coming in and
our eyes think now that each on the
floors were never alive anymore hold the
key please hold the elevator for a
second this is what a guest floor looks
like sure his name is box chandeliers
those things are so on and what for we
go into that one did you want to all the
way down yeah this is how you make an
elevator a DA compliant there's just
looks select o matic there's your baby a
compliant pail if the emergency stop and
rails add it as well this there's no
phone in here just to know there's a
photo right there yeah when I stay here
all the upper floors were locked off you
actually have a swipe a card this is
they took the card reader around look
it's completely gone this is a beautiful
metal invader
I wonder I guess people also gotten
annoying but the same now card readers
I'm gonna watch the doors open in the
mirror that's a good trend to see that
people are actually taking those out
yeah all right now we're we going now
yeah this this is an epic elevator now
this time I'm not
I thought they go out I stay here I
wouldn't recommend staying here but
these elevators nice I wonder how this
place compares to the Days Inn in
Princeton I still take it over that look
at this I love the indicator
and race and up there you got your
classic Westinghouse interlock and there
it goes and that's it news party that's